0) Tell me about Your Projects ?

1) What do you know about servlet ?

2) What is check Exception and Unchek Exception ? How can i handle it ?

=>	
Checked Exceptions : It checked at compile-time. It means if a method is throwing a checked exception then 

It should handle the exception using try-catch block or it should declare the exception using throws keyword, 
otherwise the program will give a compilation error.

3) What do you know about Git ?

4) What Do you Know about AWS ?

5) What types of Services available in AWS ? What is Software as a Service ?

=> There are 3 types of Services in AWS. Like :

	IAAS	=> Infrastructure As A Service.
	PAAS	=> Platform As A Service.
	SAAS	=> Software As A Service.
	
	Software As A Service :
	

6) What is Bean Class ?

7) How many Http methods in Spring MVC ? Describe it.

8) Write down once examples of every Http Methods ?

9) How to catch Json Response in Spring MVC Controller ? 	=> @RequestBody

10) How to Return Http Response as a Json format ?			=> @ResponseBody

11) What do you know about Docker ?

12) What do you know about Jenkins ?

13) How to manage Git Version Controller ?

14) What is Load balancing and How it Handle ?

15) What is Hystrix and How its work ?

16) What do you know about Throw and Throws keyword ?

17) Who handle all the exception.

=> All exceptions come from the "mother class" called java.lang.Throwable 
	
	and one of two subclasses called java.lang.Error and java.lang.Exception. Throwable, it is possible to handle all unexpected conditions.

18) 'toString()' method under which class.

19) What is Semaphore in Java ?

20) Different HashTable vs Semaphore vs HashMap ?

21) Different HashMap vs LinkedHashMap ?

22) Which Collection is used to get Last used value ?

23) How to Short a Collection ?

24) How to Configure Hibernate in Spring ?

25) Which File is used to configure Hibernate ?

26) How to bind/recived Json data in Spring MVC ?	<= Using Jackon Lib

27) Which Library is used to handle Json Data		<= Json, Geson

28) What are the different between SOAP vs REST ?

29) What is Autowired ? How to used @Autowired ? Why used it ? 

30) What is the default Autowired Type ? How many types are available ?

31) What is Rapper Class ?

32) What is Integer Cache in Core Java ?

33) How to enable default Second level cache in hibernate ?

34) How to configure second level cache using third party library ?

35) Different between First level and Second Level cache ?

36) How to disable Second Level Cache ?

37) What is SQL DML/DDL/DQL ? Default port of Mysql and SQL Server ?

38) How to configure a Spring MCV Application ?

39) Different Static Sychronize method and non Static Sychronize Methods ?

40) What do you know about @Component, @Controller, @Service and @Repository ?

41) What do you know about Spring Security ?

42) What do you know about JWT ?

43) What do you know about OAuth 2 ?

44) What do you know about System.exit(0) ? If pass another value than what happend ?

45) When we used Abstruct class and Interface ? Basic different ?

46) When finally block is not execute ?

47) What is the Default Beans Type ? How many types of Bean declaration ?

48) How many types of Autowired ? What is the Default Autowired type ?

49) Different between openSession() and begainSession() in Hibernate ?

50) What are the Collection class in Java ?

51) How to get data from ArrayList and HashMap ?

52) How to print all map key and value ?

53) What is Singleton ? Write down a Singleton architecture/Class ?

54) How to write a Singleton Class with out first time not load in memeory (JVM Class memory) when it requeried then create the object.

55) What are the different between Collection with Set ?

56) What is the different between Collection vs Collections ?

57) Write down Spring Cloud architecture and workflow ?

58) What are the different between Web Server and Application Server ?



59) Can I deploy Enterprise application Webserver ? If deploye what happend ?

60) Give some examples of Webserver and Application Server.

61) What are the different between Tomcat Server and Apache Server ?

=> Apache is a server, And Tomcat is a Container.

	Apache Takes The request from user, And handover to Tomcat. And Tomcat handover the request to suitable programs.
	Programs process the request and provide a response and request back to Tomcat, Then Tomcat handover request and response object to Apache server and Finally Apache give a response to user.

62) How can I deploy virtual instance in AWS ?

63) How can I configure a AWS instance to deploye any Spring boot Application ?

64) What is Actuator ?

65) What are the difference between Controller vs RestController ?

66) What is JDK, JVM, JRE ?

67) Why JAVA Platform independent ?

68) What is Microservice ?

69) What are the different between ZUUL API Gateway vs ZOOPIKER API GATEWAY ?

70) What are the different between Session and Cookies ?

71) What is HttpSession ?

72) What are the different between pass values through HTTP Header and HTTP Body ?

73) Is Tomocat which types of Server ?

74) What are the advantages of Spring Boot ?

75) How to Circuit Braker in Spring Cloud ?

76) 

77)

78)

79)

80)




 
